Seasonal ARIMA Models are used
when your time series exhibits
signs of seasonality.
They are very similar to
Non-Seasonal ARIMA Models but
we need to add a few more terms to
adjust for the seasonal component.
Where Non-Seasonal ARIMA Models
are generally denoted ARIMA(p,d,q)
with parameters p,d, and
q as the model terms.
p is the number of the auto regressive,
d is the degree of differencing, and
q is the number of moving average terms.
Seasonal ARIMA models are usually
denoted ARIMA(p,d,q)(P,D,Q)m,
where m refers to a number of
Periods in each season and
the upper case P, D, Q refer to
the auto regressive differencing and
moving average term for
the seasonal part of the ARIMA model.
We'll refer back to our base hotel
example as we work through seasonal
ARIMAs